1.who developed python programming langauage 
ANS: python was created by Guido Van Rossum 

2.which type of programming does Python support?
ANS: python supporting object-orineted,structured,and functional programming

3.Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers? 
ANS:Yes it is case sensitive langauage

4.What is the correct extension of the Python file? 
ANS: .py or .pyi

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? 
ANS:python is an interpreted langauage and not a compiled one 

6.Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? 
ANS: a module, a function body , and a class definition 

7.State a character used to give single-line comments in Python
ANS:  hash character (#) used to single-line comments in Python

8.Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? 
ANS: sys.version

9.Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called 
ANS:for creation of anonymous function "lambda function" is used 

10.What does pip stand for python? 
ANS: PIP-preferred installer program 

11.Mention a few built-in functions in python
ANS: print(),type(),input(),dir(),max(),sorted()

12.What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python? 
ANS:maximum length of an identifier-79 character

13.What are the benefits of using Python?
ANS: data science , Web Development , Finance & trading ,Computer Graphics , Basic Game Development

14. How is memory managed in Python?
ANS:Python uses a portion of the memory for internal use and non-object memory.
     Another part of the memory is used for Python object such as int, dict, list, etc

15.How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
ANS:Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
    Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
    Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
    In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
    Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

16. Is indentation required in python? 
ANS:indentation is mandatory 
